today we're going to be talking about
how to flavor
kombucha now there are several
techniques and methods to flavor
kombucha some of them are SuperDuper
easy some of them are super duper
advanced today we're going to be
discussing the super duper easy way to
flavor kombucha and what I mean by super
duper easy is that not only is it easy
to physically do but the risk of
changing your kombucha tea to something
else is next to nil it's certainly the
safest way to flavor your kombucha tea
and that is simply like this you want to
ferment your kombucha tea by following a
standard kombucha tea recipe you have it
throughout our site you can just google
kombucha recipe if you know you'll find
so many different types and stick to a
basic kombucha recipe okay then
once your kombucha is properly fermented
you want to flavor incorporate flavors
when you go to bottle and your kombucha
tea or when you go to drink and enjoy
your kombucha tea what do I mean by this
well you would simply grow normally and
then when you go to bottle let's say you
wanted pineapple flavor to kombucha tea
well fill up your bottle 4/5 of the way
and add a little extra fresh squeezed
pineapple juice to your bottle and cap
it now the only precaution with this is
that when you introduce fruit juices or
I like to use you know you could slice
pieces of ginger or raisins craisins
even fresh fruit the precaution with
fresh fruit is you want to make sure
that your kombucha tea is at a pH level
low enough so that if you are storing
your kombucha at room temperature that
the fruit will be preserved in an acidic
environment right so pH levels I would
recommend 3 and below you'll have no
problem should have no problem with you
know having that preservative effect of
fruit and fruit juice and dried fruit
and whatnot in your bottles kombucha tea
even at room temperature because the pH
is so low what else okay the other tip
is when you go to enjoy your kombucha
tea
a lot of people ask me gave what can I
do with my kombucha tea is too fermented
right how do I cut it so to speak and we
have tons of other resources to use
overly fermented kombucha tea for other
uses so just please free feel free to
check those resources out but a simple
easy thing to do is simply flavor your
kombucha at the time of enjoying it what
do I mean by this well simply uh pour
your kombucha in your favorite class and
then add your favorite juice to that
pros and cons well you know it's a
no-brainer I just add some juice to your
kombucha you'll be increasing the sugar
content
it also will be increasing the the
flavor of it and cutting down that
acidity level that bite that vinegar
taste but you won't be getting that
second fermentation of the fizz so the
combat that just add some sparkling
water club soda anything you'd like to
pump up the fizziness as well as the
flavor to get even more free kombucha
videos to take your kombucha broom to
the next level check out get kombucha
com backslash free